he's weasel that calm review I was a
massive Ghostbusters fan as a kid and I
still have a soft spot for it so I was
looking forward to playing the new
Ghostbusters game complete with the
official likenesses of voices and music
from the film that's so dear to a lot of
people's hearts the good news is that if
you are a fan you can't help but be
swept along with their latest adventure
with a huge smile on your face every
time you laugh out loud at a joke and
I've caused fire a proton stream or trap
a ghost the bad news is this is more of
an interactive experience rather than a
proper game which leaves me struggling
to score it at the start of the game a
big ghostly explosion engulfs Manhattan
originating from the Gozo exhibit at the
Museum this lets loose all sorts of
nasty so you as a rookie and the four
Ghostbusters go and investigate and
explore hotels Museum sewers office
blocks and even a parallel universe to
bust everything in sight playing this
game really is the closest you'll ever
get to being in the movie you get to
trap and destroy old favorites like
Slimer Stay Puft and the Grey Lady from
the library the music is identical the
jokes are actually laugh out loud funny
and even your proton pack rattles as you
run about it really does do a fantastic
job at recreating the 1984 classic
whilst of course keeping things fresh
with a new story and some additions to
your proton pack of course you get to
trap ghost using your proton stream but
you can also fire shock blasts boson
darts slime and bless things with a
Nissan Collider button combos can be a
bit tricky using the d-pad to select the
right weapon for the right ghost but it
is something you do get used to fairly
quickly now the reason I say it's not a
gamers game is the fact that it's very
linear and you feel like you're being
led through the game by the other
principal characters if you're a fan you
won't mind this and may overlook the
fact that combat is actually rudimentary
as you just shoot and stay on the move
to avoid stuff and there's no real way
to avoid taking damage apart from using
a Dodge button that's not all that
effective you also have to use your PKE
meter regularly to play hot or cold to
find ghosts and artifacts bizarrely the
game switches into an unnecessary
first-person mode as you view
information through your para goggles
and it does feel a bit restrictive at
times
there are also a few glitches in there
as well I had to restart a checkpoint at
one point because the Ghostbusters
didn't move the story along after a boss
fight and just stood there and one of
the cutscenes had the dialogue very out
of sync with the picture the framerate
is also very disappointing and even
slows down occasionally when there's not
that much happening on screen if this
game didn't have the official
Ghostbusters license behind it it would
be a rather short and disappointing
action adventure but because it is so
superb Lee crafted for the fans if
you're a fan you'll absolutely love it
and play through most of the game
grinning from ear to ear I am myself a
massive fan so I give Ghostbusters an
excellent 8 out of 10 you've been
watching your review from gamesweasel if
you want to get the show each week which
includes video game reviews news
previews competitions and special
features then head over to gamesweasel
calm for our video podcast gamesweasel
TV gamesweasel